Update known issues for Azure Device Registry (#128446)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-operations/troubleshoot/known-issues.md

---

> Azure Device Registry namespace asset healthstate resources don't synchronize back to the cloud if they were created with an older API version than 2026-04-01. This is due to a missing k8s resource annotation that needs to be added for every resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Device Registry namespace asset healthstate resources don't synchronize back to the cloud if they were created with an API version older than 2026-04-01. This failure occurs because a required Kubernetes resource annotation is missing.
```

> Workaround: Use the [arc proxy](/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/quickstart-connect-cluster#connect-an-existing-kubernetes-cluster) to connect to your Kubernetes cluster and then run the [remediation script](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-operations/tree/main/scripts/known-issues/asset-health-status-reporting) for the shell you're using (Powershell or bash). The scripts list all outdated namespace assets and request confirmation before they add the missing annotations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workaround: Use the [arc proxy](/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/quickstart-connect-cluster#connect-an-existing-kubernetes-cluster) to connect to your Kubernetes cluster and then run the [remediation script](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-operations/tree/main/scripts/known-issues/asset-health-status-reporting) for the shell you're using (PowerShell or bash). The scripts list all outdated namespace assets and request confirmation before they add the missing annotations.
```

> The workaround for this is to [arc proxy connect to your k8s cluster](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/quickstart-connect-cluster?tabs=azure-cli#connect-an-existing-kubernetes-cluster) and then run the correct [mediation script](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-operations/tree/main/scripts/known-issues/asset-health-status-reporting) for your platform (Windows Powershell or Linux Bash). This script will list all outdated namespace assets and ask for user confirmation to upgrade them all, then will perform the add annotation to all of the resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workaround: Use the [arc proxy](/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/quickstart-connect-cluster#connect-an-existing-kubernetes-cluster) to connect to your Kubernetes cluster and then run the [remediation script](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-operations/tree/main/scripts/known-issues/asset-health-status-reporting) for the shell you're using (Powershell or bash). The scripts list all outdated namespace assets and request confirmation before they add the missing annotations.
```

Author: This change all looks good, but I feel that we should keep "(Windows Powershell or Linux Bash)" part that explains what I mean by 'platform'. 
Is this a strong opinion to remove it?

Reviewer: I've tweaked the langauge a bit to include Powershell or bash :)

Author: Looks great! Thank you for considering my thoughts. I have merged all your suggestions.
